#labels Featured
= FAQ =

== What do i need to run this application? ==

You need to have the Java Runtime Environment installed (JRE). You can download it at http://www.java.com/.


== How do i start it? ==

Usually doubleclicking is enough. If it's not, you maybe do not have Java installed properly.


== I can not get it to start ==

Start it from he command line to see what error messages you are getting. Open the command prompt/console and change directory to the folder where the iDPS jar is located. Then type "java -jar iDPSvXrX.jar" (fill in the proper version numbers). Then open a ticket here with a report & the error message you are getting.


== My item X is missing ==

I generally only added items with item level 232+. Only exceptions are very common/popular/easy to obtain items like DMC:G, Mjolnir Runstone, Badge Items etc.


== How can I add item X? ==

Rename the file from .jar to .zip. Decompress the archive. Look for a file names items.xml. Add your item. Save the file. Zip the folder again and rename it to .jar. If you did everything right it should work, if you did something wrong the application will most likely not start.


== How can I enchant my items? ==

Right click them.


== My profession specific Enchant/Gem is missing ==

Enable that profession in the menu bar.


== My profession specific Enchant/Gem is missing ==

Instant Poison in your slow weapon, Deadly in the fast one. If they have the same speed, Deadly is used in the Main Hand.


== What do the talent specs stand for? ==

 *  MutilateRS: [http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?rogue#34eJefKdIMH24,aYN,11159]
 *  MutilateLR: [http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?rogue#3hujfzr17Mx_V,aYN,11159]
 *  CombatHnS: [http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?rogue#l0cFDKbq2ucC1K,bJN,11159]
 *  CombatCQC: [http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?rogue#l0cFDKj6IhTk3K,bJN,11159]
 *  CombatMace: [http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?rogue#l0cFD2c7BJhfb_,bJN,11159]